Javascript :
	It is a programming language that is used in web-development which puts 
magic into the web-page with its ability to create interactive-web elements also ability to create dynamic-elements with DOM manipulation . The script runs in the browser. 
	
	Server-Side JS is also available with Node.js.

	What can we do with Js:
		1. Store data in a variable.
		2. String-Operations
		3. Helps to do specific action on certain event on the web-page
		4. Changing the DOM with the help of api's
		5. Writing functions which helps to avoid writing repetitive-code, etc

	Apart from this the api's available can be used with java-script to do much more tasks.

	In this case API's are generally categorized into two parts :
		1. Browser APIs
			- They come with the browser and gives lots of functionalities like 
				1. Accessing and manipulating the DOM
				2. Geographial-api's to access location-related data
				3. Api's to access data about the environment in which it is running
				4. We can also create graphics using Canvas & WebGL API.
				5. Work with multi-media files using audio & video api's.   

		2. 3rd Party APIs
				- Don't come out of the box need to get them from the internet, various applications provide their own api to use it for development for example twitter-api, spotify-api.

	 
	What JS does? 
		JavaScript is majorly used to alter HTML-CSS using the DOM-api's which can be changed based on some events or action that makes the page interactive.

		When browser encounter js during parsing, it executes the js code from top-to-bottom so ordering of the contents in the code will matter.

	Script-Loading Strategies :
	
	Variables :

	Operators:

	Conditional-Statement:

	Events:

		Events are things that happen in a browser like scrolling, clicking, typing, page-loading, video-playing,etc and after that a block of code is executed.

		Event-Listener 	:  	Different event-listner waits for event to occur. 
		Event-Handler 	:	After event is fired event-listener call event-handlers.

	 

	


	